All right.
What's up this is Bill Burr hanging out at the comedy store during the day cause
I have no life. And uh,
that guy just asked me if my Prius was Alexis.
I Dunno what he's listening to,
but I'm going to download it the second I get out there.
Uh,
yeah,
I'm a huge fucking sports fan and all that Lebron Shit that was going on this
week. Uh, out of everything that was annoying about that,
that players are actually getting together now to decide what team they're going
to piggyback on. The thing that bugged me the most was all those New York fans,
all the knick fans when Lebron didn't pick New York,
we're trying to say that the guy was afraid of New York and the big stage at a,
I just wanted to address this point because I have no fucking life and I
actually have the time in the middle of, I have so, so what,
so little going on in my career that I can actually address this in the middle
of the fucking day. Um, big stage.
Are you talking about nick fans? What do, what are you talking about? What?
Madison Square Garden you guys are acting like,
like it's fucking Yankee stadium.
You haven't won a championship since like 1973 so what, what is he afraid of?
What pressure is there to carry the fucking torch to not win it for the 38th
39th and 40th fucking year. I just, you know,
I would never as a red sox fan act like Fenway park is this big stage in
baseball.
No one that the Yankees are down the street with 20 more fucking championships.
The Celtics have 17 fucking banners hanging from their arena.
All right, so stand the fuck down. You don't have a big stage.
You know what a Madison Square Garden,
you know what's a big stage for fucking like, ah, what's that?
Chico can't talk anymore. Who went on the road with Frank's lies and Minelli.
It's a big stage for her when she goes down there and she does her Fauci fucking
hands in front of all those Elton John Fans.
That's how much you haven't noticed the fucking draft.
When you go to a Knicks game or a rangers game for that matter,
you know what that is? That's from all the open air,
from all those lack of championship banners up there. All right,
the fucking Minneapolis Lakers who disbanded in the early sixties have three
more fucking championships than you. Okay? I'm not trying to be a con here,
even though I am. You guys don't have a big stage here.
You got a little fucking stage. Little fucking, let's go do some a summer stock.
Maybe do a little bit of Shakespeare. All right. The big fucking stage. Why?
Because you've got to look around Tyra banks.
We've got that makes it a big fucking stage.
Fucking who's that little shit with the, with the buddy Holly glasses.
Spike Lee spin in his towels. The last guy in Madison Square Garden.
Should I just, Jersey brought up to the rafters was fucking Reggie Miller.
All right, though. Brian was not afraid to go there.
There's no winning tradition in New York City. What was he afraid of?
Fucking Phil machinic and his fucking man tits in his laptop. His Go, Lebron.
Isn't it done? Nobody gives a fuck so much. Nick is never a good move.
He makes me look like a happy guy and you fucking pussies are sitting there
giving Lebron shit that if he goes to the Miami Heat that if he wins down there,
it's Dwayne Wade's team. So you know,
no one's going to respect a Lebron if he wins down there.
Well then what the fuck are the Yankees last 12 years,
everybody from fucking Kevin Brown to a rod if piled on that team.
You guys invented that shit. So put your fucking crime. All right.
If you get on your fucking knees and think thank, thank the fucking look.
Give him run. I'm stuttering because it's dead. Stay a taillight out here. No,
it's bugging the shit out of me. All right. I fucking respect the Yankees.
You guys are the epicenter or professional fucking baseball,
but don't fucking try and act like the fucking nicks are. You're not.
You're not the fucking spars. Have more flex than you.
Have you ever been to San Antonio?
You have it and I'm sick of people acting like New York is a hard fucking place
to live. You can make it there. You can make it anywhere. Look at your life.
Look around your apartment right now. You're in New York, right?
You're making it. You can get a fucking slice. It's not that hard.
Frank Sinatra was from New Jersey, stopped trying to claim him too.
He was bridging tunnel and he came in and he took over.
Your fucking town came in there.
He ate your pizza and he fucked your women and you did nothing about it,
and now you play a song at the end of the Yankees game. All right?
That's all I want to say is you don't have a big stage in MSG until you get into
double digits with your fucking flags. First.
Have a little bit of fucking respect.
That's like the twins talking shit to the Yankees,
so whatever your fucking conclusion, you don't have a big stage down there.
You don't. All right. Yankees are the big thing. Other than that,
New York City is a horrific failure in sports.
You doubled down in half the fucking major sports. You know,
jets haven't wanted since 69 Nick's haven't wanted since 73 the fucking rangers
have one, one cup and 70 years.
Where is this big states a fucking met seven one one since 86 the giants are
respectable franchise, but they're respectable. That's it.
They've got three Superbowl rings, you know those else has three.
It's the fucking patriots, the Green Bay packers, the fucking Oakland Raiders.
You're in the middle of the pack.
Upper Echelon and football is fucking Steelers cowboys and 40 nighters.
Then there's a moat cause nobody has four.
So you really don't have a big fucking stage there.
And Ray's famous pizza isn't fucking famous. Stop.
And everything in New York is shit just because times squares up there and you
can jerk off in front of the fucking MTV building. All right,
that's it. Have a nice day in New York and I'm glad you didn't get cliff league.
Your fucking cons.